What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	when you initialize a repository, git creates a .git folder.
	this stores all the metadata of the files within the directory.
	the metadata includes the commits made to the files. initially, there are 0 commits.
	we need to make repositories because they are needed for git to keep track of the commits and the metadata.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	staging area is a virtual intermediate space for git to add files to a commit, as opposed to 
	a directory or a repository which are permanent spaces.
	direcory and repository can be thought of as end destinations for files and metadata.
	staging area on the other hand serves as a path between the two, adding commits of files from
	the working directory to the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

		the staging area utilises certain commands to add only the files you want.
		then, you can use git diff --staged to ensure that there is only one logical change made. 
What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	in cases where i want to test something 
	in cases where im not sure if i want something in the final product
	in case i want to simultaneously make multiple similar projects

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

		the diagrams help to connect the various components of a repository
		the branches get confusing when you think of them in a detatched way
		to have them on paper is a big help as it keeps everything sorted.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	we do it to merge the contents and history of two or more branches into one master branch

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
